Notes about the presentation:

Classification to predict wether the is going to be a delay or not.
Question about clarifying what we are actually predicting.

Advice:
Time series is quite difficult and would imply that there is something that which happened
earlier has influence of what happened now.
But if you just look at delay time, it can just be a regression problem.
Because you only want to know the time of the delay
You can also look at it like a classification problem. Just to see if its
5-10 minutes or 10-15 minutes etc.
This entire thing would simplify it and what the client recommended and that we should
look into that. Starting there and then maybe making it more complex.

Did you think about how you are gonna investigate the data:
Visualising the data so we can get some insights out of it. Based on those insights we can go
further and we can try the algorithms on it.

In the end what Ordina would like to have:
A model which is able to predict "something"
You don't have to build a complete application because that would take time away from
the model, and the model is the most important thing.

Also a mockup to show how it would look is also enough. To showcase how it all looks
and what kind of input you would have. 

Another advice:
Make the problem small. Dont look at all the tracks in the Netherlands. Pick some routes
or one route, try to show that you can predict something for that route, and then make
it bigger. So for example: Focus on Brabant (Utrecht -> Eindhoven or Tilburg -> Eindhoven)

Visualising the data question: Do we have workshops about it?
(Seems like he is interested in just visualising it)
It's quite an important step, so next meeting we should have some graphs about what
insights we had from the data.

Remco: I dont expect anything, ofcourse try to amaze us but i dont have a plan that you should
have this and this and this. Thats for your teachers to decide. It is important for us
that we have a model. And its important u ask us on how we can help with making the model
better. Visualisation helps with that a lot. So for now he agrees with the plan, but
we can also maybe look at what is important for Ordina, why its important for them to
know the delays.

Remco would like to have the documentation to scan through it and might give some feedback
on it if we really need it but he can't promise anything.

He wants to know which kind of algorithm we will be using because that will have a big
influence on the outcome of the project.

Always think about what the client wants, that will influence the end product a lot.
(So i think visualising the data what we find out, and also which algorithm we'll end up
using).

If you need feedback: Send an email and they will make it a priority (Makes it easier for
them to give feedback and to know what to focus on)

